Change database backend from `arrow` to `RSQLite` (#14)
Delta-Stewardship-Council/deltafish: README.md

We recommend you use the `collect_data()` function from this package instead of the `collect()` function from `dplyr` because `collect_data()` will convert the Date and Datetime columns in your dataset, if present, into the appropriate format with the appropriate time zone. This is necessary because SQLite does not have a data format for dates and datetimes. Instead, those columns are stored as text. SQLite can still perform some operations on them (e.g., you can filter based on date as in the example below), but they remained stored as text instead of date and datetime formats. 

Unless you are familiar with SQLite, you may want to only perform simple operations such as `filter`, `select`, and `join` before you `collect_data()` and then can run any R operation on the dataset. You can perform more complex operations like `mutate` and `summarise` but some R expressions cannot be translated to SQLite and will return an error. If you are familiar with SQLite, you can alternatively interact with the database using SQLite queries through the `RSQLite` package. 

> To begin, install the package as below and run `create_fish_db()`. This will download the data and create the arrow dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, install the package as below and run `create_fish_db()`. This will download the data and create the SQLite database.
```
